# SDG_HHAG Framework
This repository provides an implementation of both Synthetic Homogeneous and Heterogeneous Attributed Graphs.

## Create the Environment:
``` 
   conda env create -f environment.yml
```

#  Synthetic Homogeneous Attributed Graphs (Synt_HoAG)

We propose an approach Synt_HoAG to enrich existing homogeneous datasets with node and edge attributes.

## Input File:
The exisiting datasets are provided in this repository. The input graph:
- Simple Graphs: Graph having only structural information of the network without any attributes
- Partial Graphs: Graph with structural information and attribute information which is incomplete

## Running the code:
To generate synthetic homogeneous attributed graph, execute the _Synt_HoAG.ipynb_. 

## Resultant Files:

The synthetic homogeneous attributed graph is published in resultant files for edgelist, node attributes and edge attributes


#  Synthetic Heterogeneous Attributed Graphs (Synt_HeAG)

We propose an approach Synt_HeAG to create and generate synthetic heterogeneous attributed graph data.

## Input configuration File:
  
To generate synthetic heterogeneous attributed graphs, provide an input configuration file (e.g., InputFile.txt) based on your application’s requirements.

## Running the code:

To generate synthetic heterogeneous attributed graph, execute the following procedure: 
```
generate_heterogeneous_graph
```
## Resultant Files:

The synthetic heterogeneous attributed graph is published in resultant files for each node and edge type in the following formats:
- Text files: Generated by default.
- Cypher files: Requires running the _generate_cypher_files_ procedure.



